Minor update of CONTRIBUTING-HTML (#2362)
schalkneethling/interactive-examples: CONTRIBUTING-HTML.md

- **Use line breaks for readability**: keep in mind that at different browser widths longer lines will wrap and this can hurt readability. By including line breaks you can make the example more readable at different browser widths. For example, consider an example like this:

```html

> <img class="fit-picture" src="/media/examples/Grapefruit_Slice--332x332.jpg" alt="Grapefruit slice atop a pile of other slices"/>

Reviewer: This might get overwritten again by Prettier

Author: Do you think it's best to add only this file to ignore list or all .md?

Reviewer: I'm not sure, because Prettier formatting these files is useful nonetheless. In the [content repo we have](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/.prettierignore) `*.md` before automation is enabled repo-wide. We could do the same?

#### HTML output formal guidelines

> By default and with a browser window width of 1008 pixels, the editor for the HTML examples is 590 pixels high by 349 pixels wide. At those dimensions, does the example look good? If you make the browser window narrower, the editor will change its shape and show the output plane underneath, does the layout of the example still look OK?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default (with a browser window width of at least 1008 pixels) the editor for the HTML examples is 590 pixels high by 349 pixels wide. You should check if the example looks good at these dimensions. If you make the viewport width narrower, the output panel is collapsed below the editor. You should check if the example still looks good when it's displayed in a vertical layout for these smaller dimensions.
```

For the HTML editor there are three CSS classes that can be applied to the editor container element. This allows the editor to by taller or shorter than it’s standard height. The classes are as follows:

- `tabbed-shorter` - ~14 visible lines of code
- `tabbed-standard` - ~18 visible lines of code
- `tabbed-taller` - ~30 visible lines of code

Usage is as follows. When adding the meta information for your example, set the `height` property to one of the classes specified above. For example:

```json

> "date": {

Reviewer: Same here with Prettier overwriting the line lengths, this might get clobbered in future.
